In the daytime
I'm Marinette
Just a normal girl, with a normal life
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because, I have a secret!
Miraculous!
Simply the best!
Up to the test when things go wrong!
Miraculous,
the luckiest!
The power of love always so strong!
Miraculous!
Guiltrip
Miss Bustier, can I go to the nurse, please?
Miss Dora is back!
And we can't keep Miss Dora waiting!
Marinette, can accompany Rose to the nurse's office?
Marinette?
Yes, of course!
So… Who is Miss Dora?
An imaginary friend like Lilly the unicorn you had in 6th grade?
*giggles*
No, Dora is a nickname I give when my head is hurting
And that reminds me never to leave home without Mr Coffee!
Good Morning, I'm Mr Coffee!
The most important snack for your health
I love how you see the world with your colorful glasses Rose!
Return to class when you can,
and don't forget to greet Maria for me!
Maria?
Nurse Maria!
Dont worry!
I never take too long with Maria!
Everything is fine with Rose, don't worry guys!
Juleka, if you eat Mr Mosso
A snack full of energy that helps you so much that
Miss Dora can visit you too!
Juleka? It was a joke!
Wait Juleka!
JULEKA!!!
Aww
I know this feeling of loneliness and anxiety that no one shares...
That only an akuma can relieve...
Fly, and evilize this lonely heart
Juleka!
Ah!
Uh, excuse me, Adrien! I didn’t mean to mump-
I mean to bump into you!
Come on, Marinette!
Now is not the time for this nonsense!
I’m looking for Juleka, I was talking to her
in the cafeteria but she ran off crying
Maybe she’s in there?
U00! Sorry! I’m just so passionate, I mean, worried
about Juleka- that’s why I’m nervous and clumsy
I’m such a fool, I don’t know if she’s upset
because of something that I said
Not all the things you say make sense, Marinette.
But, they’re never mean. There has to be another reason
Come on, let’s go look for her.
Uh
Wait here, and don’t say a word, ok?
I’ll talk to her
Juleka, are you alright?
I want to be alone
Do you want to be alone? I understand.
Everything is fine!
They found Juleka
She’s in the boiler room!
In the boiler room!?
I’m so sorry. I’m the worst class representative ever.
But I don’t understand, did I say something that made you upset?
It’s not you, it’s Rose
What do you mean, it’s Rose?
I’m worried about her
Uh, don’t worry, she’s okay!
She just went to get some rest in the nurse's office.
Juleka, you know you can tell us anything,
we’re your friends and I promise I won’t tell anyone
Wait. Rose isn’t in the infirmary!?
SHE’S IN THE HOSPITAL!?
Yeah, she is
Why is she at the hospital?
She got sick when she was little and...
*gasps*
She got sick when she was little?
But she's alright now, right?
It can come back at any second-
IT CAN COME BACK AT ANY SECOND?
But she's always so bubbly and happy,
we would’ve never thought-
She made me promise I wouldn't tell you guys.
U00, of course, she made you promise to not tell us.
Please don’t tell her I told you.
Stay calm Juleka, we won’t treat her
any differently because of that.
Rose will never know you told us!
I’m reprogramming my software to give me any future information about this sad story.
I’ll never say anything, not even
if I get bitten by a zombie dolphin.
Never. Ever.
It’s okay Juleka, you kept this secret for the amount of time you could,
but it was too sad for you to keep it for yourself.
Thank you!
That's what friends are for!
Rose trusts you and you can trust us
We won’t say anything, but now we
know what you’ve been through
and we can help you if you need it.
Impossible!
How did that huge chasm between emotion and despair disappear?
GOOD MORNING!
You see? I said everything was fine!
Hi Juleka, Hi Rose!
Hi!
Hi girls!
I love you Rose! I don’t think I say that enough.
I really like you too Marinette!
Rose! You’re the school’s sunshine!
Everyone’s mood increases 90% when around you.
Correct Markov!
You’re the sound that brings happiness to our life’s dance floor.
You guys are so important to me too,
and you're right, we don’t say this enough!
What an amazing way to start off the day!!
Thank you, but it's not that heavy, you know..
Err--
Lifting your bag is a good exercise for me
(giggles) thank you!
These chairs are so uncomfortable, so I decided to make pillows for everyone
And by chance, you are gonna be the first one to try it
Oh, ok! (laughs nervously)
Ok, I´m going to write all your school notes,
so you don't get tired!
Thank you, but I like writing my notes!
Oh, you can both pass in front
Let Rose pass! Get out of the way, please! Let Rose pass!
Emmm..
Because that's gonna make me feel happy…
I've got the feeling that you need to tell me something,
am I right?
Come with me!
I told them about you
You told them!
Oh no, they will never treat me normally again!
No, It's all my fault, I shouldn't have told you my secret
I made you worry with me all the time
Hey! You know what!?
No problem.
I'm going to solve this
I should have told them a long time ago
I'm going to explain everything to them,
and everything is going to go back to normal!
I was worried, you were there for 4 minutes and 47 seconds
and people spend an average of 3 minutes
and 24 seconds in the bathroom!
I was about to tear that door off
I was almost going to dive there to save you!
(Sighs) I'm seeing I made everyone worried
I'm sorry.
I never told you about my illness until today,
because it isn't my problems that matter!
It’s the way that I overcome it that matters.
Do you know how I deal with it every day?
Giving cute nicknames to them?
Always being generous?
And always singing too loud?
Exactly!
And I always want to be that Rose.
I don’t want you to see me differently.
I want you to be my friends.
Who laugh and have fun with me!
And not carrying my stuff,
nor giving me embroidered pillows,
or worrying every time I go to the bathroom.
I don’t want you to feel sorry for me,
because there is no one happier than me.
Okay?
No more embroidered pillows, I promise.
No more exercises carrying your bag.
And enough of exaggerated affection.
But, I like your affection.
Awwww
See? I told you everything was going to be okay.
Today we are going to study viruses, germs, bacteria.
And everything terrible that it causes.
Quick, call her parents. Quickly! Put this on.
I can’t talk with her parents.
Nino, call an ambulance!
Stop!
You promised me.
Sorry.
Oh no! Juleka wait!
Much stronger than a painful secret.
More painful than the anguish of loneliness.
It's the guilt of the girl who betrayed her best friend.
She digs a dark well in her heart.
Fly away my akuma, and bring this amok with you.
Juleka!
Juleka, sorry! It was my fault! Open the door !
It was my fault!
I’m sorry!!
Everybody is feeling guilty because of me...
Oh no! Juleka! No one is feeling guilty because of you!
Juleka!
Juleka, answer me! Juleka!
Reflekta, I am ShadowMoth.
Why let yourself get taken by such intense guilty feelings,
when you can use them against
everyone that promised to keep your secret?
Juleka, please resist!
Don’t listen to him!
Wait! I’ll be right back.
Your sentimonster, Guilt, is perfect.
Everyone that broke the promise and is ruining your friend’s life
are going to get into a Guiltrip!
The first person to take the guilt is me.
No! Wait!
Juleka is almost being akumatized!
Someone help!
I’m a science teacher, not a superheroine.
Remain seated and…
Plagg claws out!
Tikki spots on!
What is that thing?
Kids, get back to class!
Keep calm Juleka, I’ll save you!
Wait! We’ll take you to a safe place!
My friend Juleka is in there and I’m not leaving her alone!
Looks like we are going to play explorers!
Hold still!
The wind is too strong, I can’t hold it anymore!
Yes! Ladybug and Cat Noir, you fell directly into my trap!
And you’re never escaping it!
Your Miraculous are mine!
Damn, it's colder on the inside!
I don't know
I've got a weird feeling...
Be careful!
This looks like a huge pinball machine!
Yeah, but it looks like it is in multiball mode.
Everyone was captured because of me.
What's up with him?
Am I seeing this right? Did he just transform into Reflekta?
She must have been reakumatized by Shadow Moth.
And that thing?
It is her sentimonster!
We must find out where Reflekta is hiding.
She must be controlling this.
Be alert!
I shouldn't have let them leave the classroom
This sentimonster is infecting everyone with these purple balls
It is not going to be easy to find the real Reflekta!
Everyone is looking like her.
If i was wearing my competition shorts
I would have been faster for sure
I shouldn't have let go of Ivan’s hand.
They all look the same but their voice is still their own.
I can't help my best friend face his father
No, Nino!
This is our fault.
If we had defeated Shadow Moth they would not be stuck in this trap.
Oh no, this can't be happening. Not right now!
Hmfp… Cataclysm!
Chat Noir! No!
If we turn into Reflekta we will be paralyzed
and Shadow Moth can take our Miraculous.
We should give him our miraculous.
You're right, Kitty.
How could I believe that we could beat
a sentimonster so powerful, on ourselves?
*gasps*
Ladybug! Chat Noir! You are amazing!
I knew you would come to save us.
I'm so sorry that you had to come.
It is my fault. I'm not a good friend
I should never have told Juleka my secret
No! I can't think like that!
No! It was good that I told her.
That was what made our friendship so strong!
Of course!
She is fighting against the negativity by thinking positive!
That's what prevents her from transforming into Reflekta
We have to do the same! Cat Noir you can do it!
You have to think positive!
You're the best partner anyone could ask for!
Ladybug, you really think that?
Yes, and I don't say this very often
but I couldn't do any of this without you!
And It would be less fun too!
Ah What a (meow) wonderful thing to hear!
I also have to say that you're purrfect m'lady!
I'm glad you're back, Kitty
Do you really think we're gonna be able to defeat that thing?
Of course!
Don't forget that I still have my...
LUCKY CHARM
Ah a pickaxe! Of course a pickaxe for… ah…
Uh-
You don't know what to do with it?
Of course I do, I'm just making suspense
I could use my cataclysm
but making the sentimonster be out of control with us inside it?
Maybe it's not be the best idea, right?
No, it's not
Uh… all this negativity is messing with my head
Go Ladybug!
You'll manage to save my friend Juleka because I believe in you!
Yes, but we need more positivity for that
I already know who can help us!
Go Cat Noir! You're guys are the best!
Rose Lavillant, This is the pig miraculous,
that gives the power of Joy!
You will use it for the Greater good!
WOW! It's so beautiful.
Wow, you're so cute. What's your name?
My name is Daizzi, and I'm your kwami.
The kwamis give us the powers.
You only have to say the words "Daizzi, Rejoice!"
Daizzi Rejoice!!
Chat noir I present you. Oh...
Pigella!
Wow, looks like you found a solution, My Lady.
I told you to think positive!
I'm can't wait to see our friend in action!
Come, let's go
Because of me, everyone feels guilt:
Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylene.
For my fault everyone feels guilty
Juleka!
Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylene
Because of me, everyone feels guilt:
Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylene.
For my fault everyone feels guilt
GIFT!
Uh..  Is this a super power?
Pigella's power shows the affected person the biggest wish in her heart!
A normal day in class , that everyone act normal with Rose
This is... Juleka's biggest wish!
Wow, Impressive!
This is the power of positivity!!
This worked perfectly to win the battle!
Got you! , bye-bye, little butterfly!
Everything is okay now Juleka.
I'm Pigella, and Ladybug and CatNoir saved you!
Uhh, the Sentimonster and its friends don’t seem very happy!
We need to find out what object controls it!
Juleka, do you remember where the amok entered?
You know the feather of Shadow Moth!
Uhh.. I-It’s in the rubbish bin..
You threw it in the rubbish bin?
You won’t escape from the void of guilt!
You won't be able to escape the well of guilt!
They will!
And now let’s change the subject!
Well done, Pigella!
What is important is not the problems but how we fight them!
We need to find out where that feather is hiding!
It’s very strong! We won’t be able to get out!
Well, it looks like we ran out of luck!!
Luck?!...Of course!
That’s what the lucky charm was for!
Found you!
Time to end evil!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little feather!
You may have won with that positivity of yours, but you can count on me to fill those days with negativity!
I know how it ends!
Pound it!
Juleka , this is a magical charm.
It will protect you to not become a victim of Shadow Moth again!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Thank you, Ladybug! Thank you so much for saving Juleka.
You aren't going to hide with her to get her Miraculous, my Lady?
She already gave it to me.
That girl is really incredible!
She doesn't need a miraculous to be a superhero.
I'm going to take back your present.
You must wait for your birthday like everyone else!
*Huh*
Whats up, guys? She is not made of glass!
Oh no, i'm going to faint from laughing too much!
Someone take me to the nurse!
Hey! Why does nobody laugh when I say something like that?
Because in your case, it is never a joke.
Hm.. That's true.
It is really nice getting you all back.
Please, don't ever change.
*put together by @wayzz_world*
Subtitle credits available at www.miraculoushub.ml